rm: security: add stm32mp1 secure boot guide (#385)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/security/secure-boot-stm32mp1.rst

Booting signed images
---------------------

When a signed binary is used, the BootROM code will authenticate and
start the FSBL, which will report authentication status::

        NOTICE:  CPU: STM32MP157CAC Rev.B
        NOTICE:  Model: STMicroelectronics STM32MP157C-DK2 Discovery Board
        NOTICE:  Board: MB1272 Var2.0 Rev.C-01
        NOTICE:  Bootrom authentication succeeded <------- auth confirmation

`Bootrom authentication succeeded` message means that BootROM managed
to authenticate FSBL image and device can be closed. If device is not closed,
it will be still able to perform image authentication but will boot the image
regardless the result of that authentication.

Closing device
--------------

As soon as the authentication process is confirmed, the device can be closed
and the user is forced to use signed images.

OTP WORD0 bit 6 is the OTP bit that closes the device. Fusing this bit will
lock authentication processing and force authentication from the BootROM.
Non signed binaries will not be supported anymore on the target.

> To close device by fusing OTP WORD0 bit 6 run `stm32key` cmd in U-Boot::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To close the device by fusing OTP WORD0 bit 6, run the`stm32key` command in U-Boot::
```
